The first time I met Chicky Taylor
When my parents moved back to the States from England, I think I was around two or three years old. We moved to Grosse Pointe, but we didn't move to the house on Ridge Road that was across the street from Chicky Taylor's. What happened was that my parents rented a house on Merriweather Road while they looked around for a year or so for a house to buy, just like Mom and I rented the house on Ohana Street while we looked until we found the house on Kaimake Loop that we wanted to buy.
I remember only a few things from that house on Merriweather Road. For example, I remember the time Grandmother and Grandfather packed up the car to go off somewhere, and somehow forgot about me! I was playing in the house, and then everything was quiet, and I looked around, and nobody was home! I remember going outside to see if anyone was in the back yard, and when I didn't see anyone out there, I decided to go over to the next door neighbor's house and knock on their kitchen door. I don't remember what I was going to say, or do, but I do remember that right when the neighbor arrived at the door, Grandmother ran up and got me. I don't remember feeling scared, because it wasn't really a very long time that I was left alone. I think I was simply puzzled by the situation.

When Grandmother recounts the story, she says that she packed up the car, drove off down the road, and then from the front seat asked me a question, and when I didn't respond, she turned around to ask me again and realized I wasn't even there! In a panic, they turned the car around and zoomed back home to find me.
My parents looked at lots of different houses to buy that year, but the only one I remember was an old house that was right across the street from the Grosse Pointe Farms pier. That would have been a fun house to live in, but then I wouldn't have lived next door to Chicky Taylor!
Anyway. Grandmother and Grandfather eventually decided to buy the house at 207 Ridge Road. This house was so close to the house we were living in on Merriweather Road, that on the day that we moved, I actually walked from our old house to our new house. It was just one block away. I think Aunty Beth walked me over, because I was only four years old.
When we got to the house, we looked all around inside it, and I found out where my bedroom was going to be. Then Grandmother and Grandfather and Aunty Beth and Uncle Rob got very busy unpacking and doing all of the things that older people do when they have just moved into a house. I'm not sure what Aunty Gillian was doing right then, maybe she was having a nap. So, after I had

looked around for a while, I decided to go outside.
First, I went into the backyard. There was a tall white flag pole, and a bunch of pine trees. Later, when I got older, I tried to climb one, and got sticky sap all over me.
Then I went into the front yard. There was a big tree right next to the front door, and I sat down next to it. And I looked across the street. And across the street was a square, brick, gray house.
And sitting on the grass, in front of that square, brick, gray house, watching people unload the moving van, was a small boy.
A small boy just like me.
So I stood up, and called out, "Hello!" And he said, "Hello", back to me. And I said, "What's your name?"
And he said, "Chicky Taylor".
And I said, "Do you want to play?" And he said, "I'll go ask my Mom."
And that was the first time I met Chicky Taylor.

Chicky Taylor and the Tunnel
This is a story about Chicky Taylor and I when we were really young—maybe five years old or so. When we were this young, Chicky Taylor and I used to play together a lot: after school, on weekends, and during the summer time.
While sometimes we would be driven to the Pier to go swimming or to play on the playground, more often we would simply play together at either his house or at my house. If we played at my house, we would usually go down the basement, and maybe play pingpong. If we played at his house, we might also play in his basement, or else watch TV in their den, or play in his backyard. Chicky's backyard was a little better for playing in than our backyard, since it was fenced in so that balls would not escape into the street.
Well, on this particular day, Chicky Taylor and I tried playing in his basement, but there was nothing fun to do down there. So then we went upstairs to his bedroom, but nothing seemed fun to do up there either. Then we went into his backyard, but we still couldn't think of anything to do: Basically, Chicky Taylor and I were bored. And do you know what happens when little boys get bored?
(This was the always-waited-for moment when Katie and Jenna would get to say, "They get into TROUBLE!")

Yes, that's right. Now, to understand why we got into trouble, you need to understand that our houses were facing each other on opposite sides of Ridge Road. They were actually quite close to each other, maybe only 50 feet apart, but Ridge Road had a certain amount of traffic on it. Thus, when Chicky Taylor and I were small, we weren't allowed to cross the street by ourselves to go to each other's houses. Instead, we had to ask our Moms to come out of the house and walk us across the road.
Now, you know Moms. They are often cooking, or cleaning, or talking on the phone, or doing something that creates delays when a small boy wants to go across the street to play.
So, Chicky Taylor and I decided that day that we should dig a tunnel from his backyard to my front yard, which would be fun because we could play with shovels, and also useful because afterwards we wouldn't need to ask our Moms to help us cross the street. So we went into Chicky Taylor's garage and found two shovels, and went back to the backyard and decided that the perfect spot to begin digging the tunnel was in the corner of the yard, just next to the fence that overlooked Ridge Road.
Of course, there was a nice row of flowers and bushes there, but we didn't worry ourselves about them in the slightest. We started digging and throwing dirt around, and after maybe ten or fifteen minutes, we had dug a

hole about waist high (for five year olds). We had also managed to get ourselves, the surrounding lawn, the flowers, the bushes, and the fence covered with dirt. And, we were thirsty.
So, we climbed out of the hole and trotted into the house to look in the refrigerator for something to drink. Mrs. Taylor happened to be in the kitchen at that moment, cooking dinner, when she saw two small boys, covered with dirt and leaving muddy footprints walking into her kitchen. Mrs. Taylor said,
"Boys, what have you been doing?" To which we answered:
"Nothing."
Well. After a few more questions, she marched us out to the backyard, saw the hole and the trampled flowers around it, and made us fill it back in and try to fix the plants as best we could.
Then, I was marched back across the street to my house by Mrs. Taylor, who explained to my Mother just what Chicky and I had been doing and why I was now covered with dirt. My Mother made me take a bath right away.
And that's the story of Chicky Taylor and the Tunnel.

Chicky Taylor and Little League
For as long as I can remember, one of the favorite things that Chicky Taylor and I liked to do together in the summer was play baseball. When we were small, we would play baseball in Chicky's backyard.
In Grosse Pointe, back in those days, you had to be ten years old to play Little League. My birthday was in late December, and Chicky Taylor's was in early January, so we both turned 10 years old at the same time. This meant that in early May, when the snow had finally all melted away but the ground was still muddy, and the temperature was warm enough that you could go outside with a light jacket on, it was time for Little League tryouts.
I remember that Chicky Taylor and I prepared for these tryouts with great industriousness. All through April we practiced our pitching, our batting, and our fielding in his backyard whenever the weather allowed us and the ground was dry enough. I am pretty sure that every kid who went to the tryouts was placed on a team, but I am also pretty sure that we did not know that at the time. I think I was a little afraid I might not make it onto a team.
At last the day arrived for Little League tryouts, and Chicky and I got our gloves and rode our bikes a few blocks down Ridge Road to the park behind the Grosse Pointe Village stores where the tryouts were being held.
12

There were some Dads there who were supervising, and a whole lot of young boys. I don't think girls could try out for Little League back in 1968. Anyway, they pitched us some balls which we attempted to hit, they batted some balls out to us that we attempted to field, and they took notes on clipboards. I don't remember anything embarrassing happening and after an hour or so we finished and rode back home to wait for the Phone Call.
A few days later, I got the word. I was drafted onto a team called Miami. I called Chicky, and found out that he was on a team called Rochester. A week later, practices started and we received the schedule of games. It turned out that Miami was playing against Rochester in the very first game of the season!
Well, this was a big event for both our families. It got even more exciting (for them, anyway) when it turned out that Chicky would be the starting pitcher for Rochester, and I would be the starting pitcher for Miami. I guess our backyard practices had paid off.
The first game was held at a big field down by Mack Avenue. It was the first time that I had been in an official baseball game, with an umpire, coaches, real bags on the bases, uniforms, chalk lines, and so forth. I remember I was a little intimidated by all of this. It was quite different from Chicky Taylor's backyard. I remember that both the Taylor family and my family were in the

stands and sitting together, even though their kids were on opposite teams.
At the end of the sixth and final inning, Rochester was ahead and won the game. I don't remember feeling that bad about losing, because after all, my best friend was the winning pitcher. And, anyway, our families told us we had both done very well, and best of all, we all went to Dairy Queen for ice cream cones after the game.
And that's the story of Chicky Taylor and Little League.

Chicky Taylor and the Heinekens
This story takes place in the winter, just before Christmas, when Chicky and I were quite small. When I was young, the Taylors had a big party in December just before Christmas, with lots of food and drink. This meant that they would start accumulating provisions for the party at least a couple of weeks in advance.
Well. On this particular day, I went over to Chicky's house to play. We tried playing in the basement, but that wasn't any fun. Then, we went into his den, and tried watching TV, but there wasn't anything good on. Then, we went to see what Chicky's sisters were doing, but they told us to go away. Then, we went up to Chicky's bedroom and tried to play cards, but that wasn't any fun either. Let's face it. Chicky Taylor and I were bored. And do you know what happens when little boys get bored?
(All together now: They get into TROUBLE!)
That's right. On this particular day, we decided to go outside to play. Since it was December, and quite cold and snowy, we had to put on our sweaters, then put on our winter jackets, then put on our gloves, then put on our hats, and then put on our snow boots, and finally we were ready to go outside and tromp around in the snow.

Now, to get to Chicky Taylor's backyard from inside the house, you went out through the kitchen door directly into Chicky Taylor's garage. Chicky Taylor's garage was unusual for our neighborhood in two respects. First, it was not a one car garage. It was not even a two car garage. It was a three car garage. Second, it was a heated garage: in winter it was still warm inside. This last point is quite important, because it meant you could store things in his garage in winter that couldn't be allowed to freeze.
So, after we got all of our winter clothes on, we headed out into the garage to walk through to the door on the opposite end that let out into Chicky Taylor's backyard. Right as we were opening the door, I noticed something stacked by the door that I'd never seen before. It was several cases of Heineken beer, in cans, that Mr. Taylor had bought in preparation for the party. Back in those days, Heineken beer was both the best and the most expensive beer you could buy.
I pointed them out to Chicky, whose eyes lit up and who then exclaimed, "I know something fun we can do with those!"
(At this point I would interrupt the narrative for a little educational session on the wonders of carbonation, such as the following.)
So, have you girls ever opened up a bottle of soda and had it fizz? What you need to know is that beer also fizzes when you open it,

except a LOT MORE than soda does. And, beer fizzes even more when it's WARM when you open it up. And, beer fizzes EVEN more when it's warm and you SHAKE IT before opening it up.
So, Chicky opened up one of the cases and grabbed one of the beer cans and handed it to me, then took another one for himself. Then we headed out into the back yard.
Chicky demonstrated the technique. First, you shake the beer can as hard as you can for as long as you can. Then, you point it away from yourself and in whatever direction you want it to go. Finally, you pull just enough on the beer can tab to start it opening. At that point, a tremendous yellowish-white foam spews out of the can and roostertails across the yard. It lasts maybe 3 or 4 seconds, at which point you can shake the can a bit and get a final little spurt of beer to shoot out.
We thought this was incredibly hilarious, and as soon as we had shot off the first two cans of beer, we ran back inside of the garage to get two more. This time we tried to see if we
could write our names in the snow with the foam.
We kept up with this for quite a while until a lot of the backyard had a thin coating of beer on it, and we had gone through many cans of beer. At that point, one of us got hungry, or thirsty, or maybe we just got cold, but for

whatever reason we decided to go back into the house.
So, we trooped back into the garage and opened the door into the kitchen, where Mrs. Taylor was busy cooking dinner.
She looked up at us, then looked back down to her pan, then sniffed the air, then looked back at us with a combination of amazement and horror, and said,
- "Boys! What have you been doing?" To which we responded (as usual), "Nothing."
Mrs. Taylor continued, in an almost hysterical tone,
"Boys. Have you been drinking beer?"
To which we responded with utmost sincerity, "No! Of course not!"
You see, what we hadn't realized is that when we were shooting off those cans of beer, not all of the foam was heading off away from us. Some of it lingered in the air, and then got blown back onto us by the wind. So, by the time we went back into the house, we absolutely stank of beer.

Well, did we get in trouble that time---not only for smelling like beer, but also for wasting all of those expensive Heinekens, and for touching the beer without permission, and for messing up the backyard. Finally, Mrs. Taylor had to march me home across the street and explain to my Mother exactly why I smelled like a brewery. Of course, my Mother had to wash my clothes and make me take a bath.
And that's the story of Chicky Taylor and the Heinekens.

Chicky Taylor and the Home Run
When Chicky Taylor and I were small, we used to like to play sports together. In the fall, we would play football. Usually we would go to a field down the street where we could kick and throw the ball as far as we wanted. In the winter, Chicky Taylor's dad often set up an ice rink is his back yard so we could skate around and play hockey.
Making the ice rink was often as fun as actually skating on it. First, you made the outline of the rink with long pieces of wood. Then, you shoveled the snow off the grass inside the rink. Then, you got out a hose and watered down the area in the evening when it was as cold as possible so that the water would freeze quickly. If you left the hose outside, you had to make sure that you got all of the water out of the hose so that it wouldn't freeze inside the hose. Of course, Chicky Taylor's garage was heated, so we would just drag the hose inside the garage between waterings. If you were lucky and the weather stayed cold, in two or three days you would have enough of a rink to start skating on.
In the summer, though, our favorite sport to play was baseball. Back in those days, we were still small enough that it was fun to play baseball in Chicky's back yard. One of us would pitch the ball to the other, and if the other hit it, then you'd run around the bases and try to not be tagged out. First base was the corner of the garage, second base was a

big maple tree near the fence, third base was a bush, and home plate was a few leaves that we'd pile together at the end of the yard opposite the maple tree.
Chicky Taylor and I would usually imagine ourselves to be players for the Detroit Tigers. Depending upon who was doing well recently, we might pick Denny McClain (a pitcher), Bill Freehan (catcher), or Norm Cash (first baseman). But our favorite Tigers to pretend to be were both outfielders: Chicky favored Al Kaline, while I liked Willie Horton.
If the ball ever escaped from the backyard, it was usually from a foul ball that went backwards over the fence behind us, which was just chest high. In that case, we could climb over the fence and run into the neighbor's yard to get it back. On the rare times when one of us connected with the ball solidly, it would usually slam into the taller fence at the other end of the yard, or else richochet off the maple tree.
Well. I remember that this particular day was a Sunday, and I remember that because my Mother and Father were entertaining a distinguished elderly lady at our house after church, and everyone was dressed nicely.
To really understand what was about to happen, you have to know that if you stood at home plate looking out over the baseball field of Chicky's back yard, then just over the fence near the maple tree was Ridge Road, and just

across Ridge Road was our house, and the part of our house directly across from Chicky Taylor's backyard was our family room, in which my Mother and Father were entertaining the distinguished elderly lady. The lady was sitting in a chair right next to a window that looked out over Ridge Road and Chicky Taylor's back yard.
Chicky and I knew nothing of my parents' entertainment situation. At that moment, we were deeply engaged in a make-believe Tiger baseball game, probably the seventh game of a World Series, probably the bottom of the ninth, probably with two outs, and two strikes, and an imaginary Tiger Stadium around us roaring with anticipation.
I am pretty sure I happened to be batting when Chicky threw me a pitch and I made a perfect (for a nine year old) swing and connection with the ball. But what happened next went way beyond my best baseball batting abilities.
The ball arced high over Chicky's head, and he turned around to watch it head into the branches of the maple tree. Normally, whenever one of us hit the ball like this, it would strike a branch, pinball around making thudding noises, and finally fall out of the tree and to the ground. With luck, the pitcher could actually run over and catch the ball as it fell out of tree and get the batter out.

This time, the ball somehow sailed right through the tree without so much as touching a leaf. There was no thudding sound, no branches swaying, and no ball falling back into the yard. There was complete silence, until a second later when we heard a "thwack" sound as the baseball hit the street between our two houses.
Now, we were pretty lucky that there were no cars passing by at that moment, because we could have caused an accident, or at least some damage.
The next thing that happened is that the ball, instead of bouncing onto the grass of my front yard, landed on the sidewalk on my house's side of the street. This was yet another incredible stroke of luck. If the ball had landed anywhere on our front lawn, it would have just died there, perhaps rolling into the bushes next to our house.
Instead, because it landed on the concrete sidewalk, it took its last, fatal, final hop, which caused it to crash through the window of our family room where my parents and, especially, the elderly lady were talking together.
I can only imagine what a scene that must have been. I suppose they were serving tea and cookies, and talking about such adult matters as the upcoming garden show, or an article in the Sunday paper, or who had just moved into or out of the neighborhood. At any

rate, whatever they were talking about was rudely interrupted by shattered glass flying into the room, accompanied by a baseball rolling to a gentle stop underneath the coffee table.
Back in Tiger Stadium, the sounds of the roaring crowd came to an immediate silence, and my commencement of a triumphant stroll around the bases was cut tragically short by the sound of breaking glass across the street. At first, this seemed so unbelievable that we thought it might be an unconnected incident. Chicky and I ran to the gate, opened it, and peered across the street at the hole in my house's family room window, and the conspicuous lack of a baseball anywhere in sight.
This was not a situation in which one could say that one was doing "nothing". This was by far the worst property damage that I had ever accomplished in my nine years of life. I had no frame of reference for what the punishment for this offense would be. I had been spanked hard for what seemed to be far less serious offenses. Perhaps I would never be able to play with Chicky Taylor again for the rest of my life?
I trudged across the street to find out what terrible punishment was in store for me. As I entered the family room, my Mother was already sweeping up the glass, and the elderly lady was sitting in a different chair, one a little further removed from the window.

My parents asked me what happened. In a small, quavering voice, I told them that Chicky Taylor and I were playing baseball in his backyard, and I hit it really good and for some reason it didn't get caught up in the maple tree.
My parents looked at each other. Then my Father said, quite calmly, "Well, I guess it's about time you learned how to replace a pane of glass in a window. Do you want to see if Chicky wants to help us?"
It took a little while for it to sink in that I was not going to be punished in any way. Instead, we measured the window, got in the car, drove to the hardware store, got a pane of glass cut to the right dimensions, came home, and put the new pane of glass into the
window. My Father probably even bought us Bun Bars at the hardware store, because he always liked to do that.
And that's the story of Chicky Taylor and the Home Run.

Tom Montgomery and the Ketchup
Chicky Taylor doesn't actually appear in this story, but it is a "Chicky Taylor Story" in all other respects, as you will see. And you will also understand after this story why, a few nights ago, I was horrified to see Katie shaking the salad dressing container at dinner without holding the top with her finger.
This story happened during the summer of, I think, eighth grade. I was going to Brownell Middle School, and I made several new friends there, including Bob Montgomery, who we all called "Monty".
Monty had an older brother, Tom, who was already in high school and who pretty much epitomized the notion of "cool" in the mid-1970's. First off, he was very nice and fun to be with. Second, he was captain of the swim team. Third, his bedroom was, as Wayne and Garth might put it, a "Babe Lair". It was down in the basement of the Montgomery house, away from everything else, and dimly lit even in the daytime. The walls were covered with psychedelic posters and he had black lights for illumination. Most of the room was occupied by a huge, octagonal waterbed. Finally, he had a totally awesome quadrophonic stereo system with a nice selection of quadrophonic records---the only person I ever knew with a quad stereo. We would go down there and listen to songs like Smoke on the Water by Deep Purple and Roundabout by Yes. Not only did the music

envelop you, it would actually spin around the room at times. It was incredible.
During this summer, the Montgomerys invited me to accompany them on a weekend trip up north to Boyne Mountain, which in the summer offered hiking, tennis, golf, canoeing, and swimming. The four Montgomerys and I headed off and I am sure that we had a good time up there, although I only clearly remember the car ride back home.
It takes at least five hours to drive between Detroit and Boyne City in the summer, and traffic could make it longer, and so you typically make a day of it: leave in the morning, stop for lunch, and arrive in the mid to late afternoon. We set off on Sunday to come home and stopped somewhere midway back for lunch. The restaurant was part of a golf course, because I can still remember that there were big picture windows that looked out from the restaurant over a golf course.
The restaurant was fairly crowded when we arrived with people who had just come from church, and so most people were dressed up: the men had on suits and ties, and the women were wearing nice dresses. We, of course, were in vacation mode and so we weren't dressed nearly as nicely as everyone else.
So, we sat down at a table and ordered hamburgers and french fries and so forth. In a few minutes, the food came, and Tom reached out for the ketchup bottle. Instead of

simply opening up the bottle and pouring the ketchup out, Tom decided to shake it first.
Well. Monty and I were sitting directly across the table from Tom, so we had a front row seat for what happened next. Unfortunately for Tom, the previous user of the ketchup bottle had neglected to actually screw the bottle cap tight, but instead simply placed the cap onto the top of the bottle. So, upon Tom's first vigorous shake of the bottle, the top went flying off backwards over his right shoulder. Monty and I both reacted, but not in time to stop Tom before his second shake of the bottle, which resulted in a large glob of ketchup escaping the confines of the bottle, soaring through the air, and landing smack dab onto the tie of a gentleman at the table behind us.
There then occurred one of those moments where time seems to stand still. I think we all looked at Mr. and Mrs. Montgomery for direction. What do we do now? Of course, with thirty years to reflect upon the situation, I now know what should have happened. Mr. and Mrs. Montgomery should have reacted with a shocked look, followed by a quick reprimand to Tom for being so careless with the ketchup, and finally with an immediate expression of concern and remorse to the diner whose lunch had been so abruptly interrupted.
That's what should have happened, but Mr. and Mrs. Montgomery, being only human, and

without the benefit of thirty years of reflection, reacted instead by first attempting to repress a smile, which failed, and then let loose with a giggle. That was too much for the rest of us, so we started to giggle as well. Within about five seconds our entire table was trying to restrain ourselves from laughing, and failing miserably.
I can only imagine what that poor gentleman thought at that moment: not only did those poorly dressed people at the next table make a direct hit on his person with a ketchup bomb, but they were now---adults included!--- laughing about it!
Of course, Mr. and Mrs. Montgomery recovered their composure quickly and went over to the table and offered their sincerest apologies for the mishap, along with an offer to pay for cleaning or replacing of the tie as the fellow wished. I remember that he refused and seemed quite put out by the whole incident.
I don't remember anything about the rest of the meal, but I do remember that as soon as we got back to the privacy of our car, we spent a good part of the drive home laughing hysterically about the incident. And that's the story of Tom Montgomery and the Ketchup.

Chicky Taylor and the Cookie Dough
When Chicky Taylor and I were pretty young, we used to enjoy playing over at his house. There were a lot of things to do at his house: he had a den where we could watch TV, his backyard was good for playing baseball, we could play cards in his bedroom, and most especially, he had a basement with lots of fun stuff to do in it.
For some reason, on this particular day, we couldn't find anything to do. Basically, we were bored. And do you know what happens to two boys when they get bored?
(Sounds of young girls proclaiming loudly, "They get into TROUBLE!")
That's right. On this particular afternoon, we were downstairs in Chicky Taylor's basement. To understand this story, you need to know how Chicky Taylor's basement was laid out. There were four rooms in Chicky Taylor's basement, and two staircases from the basement up to the rest of the house. If you came down the staircase from the front of the house, which was carpeted, you arrived in a kind of basement foyer, with three rooms branching off from it. One room had a couch, a fireplace, and a pool table. The second room had a ping-pong table and a floor-to-ceiling built-in shelving unit where there were lots of games like Operation, Clue, Trouble, and so forth. The third room contained stuff for Mr. and Mrs. Taylor, including tools, the washer

and dryer, and a freezer. The third room also had a staircase, which was not carpeted, that went up to the kitchen.
We were allowed to play as much as we wanted in any of the rooms except the third room, although we could walk through it to use the back staircase to the kitchen. But there wasn't anything in there that was appropriate for small boys.
That didn't mean that there wasn't anything in there that wasn't interesting to young boys.
So, on this day, we found ourselves looking around the third room. First we checked out the corner where Mr. Taylor kept his tools. This was quite interesting to us: there were hammers and nails and screwdrivers and drills. We might have made a few tentative taps with the hammer.
Then, we took a quick look at the washing machine and dryer, but that wasn't very interesting apart from a few knobs and dials.
Then, we got to the freezer. This was one of those freezers that were waist high, and opened from the top. Chicky and I opened it up and took a look inside. There were packages of frozen meat, and frozen vegetables, and this being the 1960's, probably some frozen TV dinners.
There were also several tubes of frozen cookie dough.

Chicky and I took a tube of frozen cookie dough out of the freezer.
Our stomachs started to growl, as we looked a the picture of cookies on the wrapping.
Then, we peeled off some of the wrapping, and took a tentative nibble at the frozen cookie dough. It was delicious! We passed it back and forth a few times, gnawing on the cookie dough tube.
Then we heard footsteps! It was Mrs. Taylor coming down the back stairs from the kitchen! Fortunately for us, the back stairs were not carpeted like the front stairs, so we could hear her coming down.
We had only a few seconds to figure out what to do. Chicky tossed the cookie dough tube back into the freezer, we slammed the freezer cover closed, and jumped on top of the freezer.
That was how Mrs. Taylor saw us when she entered the basement. Obviously surprised to see us nonchalantly sitting on top of the freezer, she said,
"Boys! What are you doing?" To which we replied,
"Nothing."

 "Well, then, would you please get off the freezer, because I need to get something in there."
Oh, no, we thought! But we got off the freezer, and stood off to the side as Mrs. Taylor opened up the lid and started rummaging around inside for whatever it was she wanted. After a couple of seconds she lifted out a package of frozen hamburger and started to close the top of the freezer. Chicky and I thought we had escaped.
But, just as she was about to close the door, she stopped, put the hamburger package down, reached back in the freezer, and pulled out a partially-eaten tube of frozen cookie dough.
I think at first she thought that mice had gotten into the freezer, because of the little teeth marks on the cookie dough. But then she then turned around and took a closer look at us.
"Boys. What is that on your faces?"
Both of us immediately wiped our face with our sleeves, then looked down and saw chocolate on our shirts.
"Boys. Have you been eating the chocolate chip cookie dough?"

Chicky Taylor and I looked at each other in desperation, but neither of us had any idea how to avoid admitting the truth.
"Yes", we said in a small voice.
Well, we then got a good scolding. First, we were scolded for playing in a room of the basement where we weren't supposed to be. Then, we were scolded for going in the freezer which we weren't supposed to go in. Then, we were scolded for eating the cookie dough. Finally, we were scolded for attempting to hide what we were doing from Mrs. Taylor.
I was sent home. However, that night, after dinner, Mrs. Taylor walked across the street to our house with a plate of freshly baked chocolate chip cookies, and told my parents what she had found the boys doing that day.
And that's the story of Chicky Taylor and the Cookie Dough.
